[docs] Add details on complementary Menu components (#44957)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/components/menus/menus.md

{{"component": "@mui/docs/ComponentLinkHeader"}}

## Introduction

Menus are implemented using a collection of related components:

- Menu: The container/surface of the menu.

> - Menu Item: List item option for the menu.

Reviewer: Reading "List item" makes me think Menu Items always goes inside Menu List.

Author: Good point, I'll reword this to avoid that implication. How about this:

```suggestion
- Menu Item: An option for users to select from the menu.
```

Reviewer: Nice!

{{"component": "@mui/docs/ComponentLinkHeader"}}

## Introduction

Menus are implemented using a collection of related components:

- Menu: The container/surface of the menu.
- Menu Item: List item option for the menu.
- Menu List (optional): Alternative composable container for Menu Items—see [Composition with Menu List](#composition-with-menu-list) for details.

## Basic menu

A basic menu opens over the anchor element by default (this option can be [changed](#menu-positioning) via props). When close to a screen edge, a basic menu vertically realigns to make sure that all menu items are completely visible.

Choosing an option should immediately ideally commit the option and close the menu.

> ### Usage
> 
> In contrast to simple menus, simple dialogs can present additional detail related to the options available for a list item or provide navigational or orthogonal actions related to the primary task. Although they can display the same content, simple menus are preferred over simple dialogs because simple menus are less disruptive to the user's current context.
> 
> {{"demo": "BasicMenu.js"}}

Reviewer 2: The paragraph about simple menus and dialogs is not an explanation on usage as far as I understand, what do you think about:

```suggestion
{{"demo": "BasicMenu.js"}}

:::info
In contrast to simple menus, simple dialogs can present additional detail related to the options available for a list item or provide navigational or orthogonal actions related to the primary task. Although they can display the same content, simple menus are preferred over simple dialogs because simple menus are less disruptive to the user's current context.
:::
```

Author: Fair point—the main purpose of this edit was just to remove the word "disambiguation" anyway. 😅 The more I read this section, the more I feel like it should be rewritten completely. I hate the word "orthogonal" here too. 😂

Reviewer 2: It's very confusing, yes. What do you think @aarongarciah? Maybe we should just remove it.

Reviewer: +1 to remove it. It's very confusing, especially the part about "simple dialogs".

Author: OK cool, glad I'm not alone in finding it confusing! Don't think it really helps anyone understand the component better so I'll just cut it.
